Stericycle, Inc. 2018 Annual Report Annual Report We protect what matters. 2018 ANNUAL REPORT A Message from Cindy Miller Dear Fellow Shareholders: During 2018, Stericycle protected the brands and businesses of our more than one million customers worldwide with our compliance services while executing on a multi-year Business Transformation. Entering 2019, I am focused on continuing to position the business for the long term, as well as finding ways to help us serve our customers better, faster and smarter today. As CEO-elect taking on my new role in the year in which Stericycle celebrates its 30th anniversary, I am excited to lead the Company during this critical time. Adapting to Market Evolution Stericycle is a great company. We hold a market leading  position in our core service lines, maintain a vast infrastructure  unmatched by any of our peers, and enjoy strong, long-term  partnerships with many of our customers and suppliers. However, our business is facing new challenges as the  markets we serve evolve, and these changes have impacted  our financial performance. Importantly, we have a  comprehensive Business Transformation under way to  improve our results and strengthen our business, as well as  a refreshed leadership team committed to executing this  transformation. We are confident these changes will benefit  our customers, suppliers, team members and, of course,  our shareholders. 2018 Highlights Revenue: $3,485 million Adjusted EBITDA: $744 million Adjusted EPS: $4.45 New Leadership to Drive Culture Change As we prepare the organization for the opportunities that lie ahead, we have appointed new leaders to help take us through the journey, including William Seward as Chief Commercial Officer, Richard Moore as EVP North America, Joseph Reuter as Chief People Officer, and our CFO Dan Ginnetti will transition to become EVP International. Together, the entire leadership team and I are committed to  transforming Stericycle’s culture to one based on standard processes, data-driven decision-making and metrics-based accountability. This shift in culture, supported by technology, will enable our team members to more effectively provide solutions to our customers that protect people and brands, promote health and safeguard the environment. Progress on our Business Transformation As part of the Business Transformation, last year we introduced our plan to implement a global enterprise resource planning (ERP) platform. Our ERP platform remains on track for implementation in the U.S. and Canada throughout 2020 and internationally throughout 2021. This platform will deliver meaningful benefits, including access to more robust and sophisticated real-time data, greater efficiencies from streamlined processes, the elimination of redundancies, and improvements to the overall customer experience. For 2019, our focus is on the successful completion of the build, test and train phases of the ERP platform. 2018 ANNUAL REPORT In 2018, we achieved our targets for our Business Transformation initiatives, including $64 million in EBITDA savings and the simplification of our portfolio through the divestitures of three non-core businesses. In early 2019, we divested a text messaging business in the United Kingdom and are continuing to pursue strategic alternatives for our Communications and Related Services business as well as other non-core assets. Strong Business Fundamentals Much of our confidence in our ability to adapt, evolve and grow is due to our strong fundamentals and market outlook for the coming years. Regulatory oversight shows no signs of waning, and the market size of our core services is growing. Specifically, medical waste demand continues to grow based on the aging population and increasing consumption of healthcare, and secure information destruction continues to grow due to increasing concern for data privacy and a continued trend to outsource this service. Focused on Driving Shareholder Value in 2018 and Beyond This is a time of positive change for Stericycle. We recognize that there is substantial work to do  and are confident in our plan to pave the way for a stronger future for Stericycle. Together with our more than 22,500 team members who work tirelessly on behalf of our  customers day in and day out, we look forward to capturing the opportunity before us, driving profitable growth across the business, and enhancing shareholder value. Thank you for your continued support of Stericycle. Cindy Miller President and Chief Operating Officer Chief Executive Officer Elect 2018 ANNUAL REPORT Directors and Executive Management B OA R D O F D I R E C TO R S Robert S. Murley Chairman Charles A. Alutto Chief Executive Officer Cindy J. Miller President and Chief Operating Officer Chief Executive Officer Elect Brian P. Anderson Chair – Audit Committee Lynn Dorsey Bleil Chair – Nominating and  Governance Committee Member – Compensation  Committee E X E C U T I V E O F F I C E R S Charles A. Alutto Chief Executive Officer Cindy J. Miller President and Chief Operating Officer Chief Executive Officer Elect Daniel V. Ginnetti Executive Vice President and  Chief Financial Officer William J. Seward Executive Vice President and  Chief Commercial Officer Thomas D. Brown Chair – Compensation Committee Member – Nominating and  Governance Committee Thomas F. Chen Member – Compensation Committee J. Joel Hackney, Jr. Member – Nominating and  Governance Committee Veronica M. Hagen Member – Audit Committee Member – Nominating and  Governance Committee Kurt M. Rogers Executive Vice President and General Counsel Joseph A. Reuter Executive Vice President and  Chief People Officer David W. Stahl Executive Vice President and  Chief Information Officer Stephen C. Hooley Member – Compensation Committee Mark C. Miller Former Chairman  and Chief Executive Officer Kay G. Priestly Member – Audit Committee Mike S. Zafirovski Member – Compensation Committee Member – Nominating and  Governance Committee Michael S. Weisman Executive Vice President and  Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer Richard M. Moore Executive Vice President of  North America S. Cory White Executive Vice President of  Communication and Related Services UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-37556 Stericycle, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 36-3640402 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 28161 North Keith Drive Lake Forest, Illinois 60045 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (847 ) 367-5910 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common stock, par value $.01 per share Nasdaq Global Select Market (Title of each class) (Name of each exchange on which registered) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:     None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K, or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" "smaller reporting company," and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2018): $5,596,897,370. On February 25, 2019, there were 90,703,162 shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Information required by Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of Part III of this Report is incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 22, 2019. Table of Contents PART I. Page No. Item 1. Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item 2. Properties Item 3. Legal Proceedings Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures PART II. 4 20 34 34 34 34 Item 5. Market Price for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities Item 6. Selected Financial Data Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information PART III. 35 37 39 65 66 120 120 125 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 126 126 126 127 127 SIGNATURES 128 135 136 PART I Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking