Intercontinental Exchange - NYSE to Suspend Trading Immediately in RadioShack Corporation and Commence Delisting Proceedings View all news NYSE to Suspend Trading Immediately in RadioShack Corporation and Commence Delisting Proceedings Feb 02, 2015 Download PDFPDF Format (opens in new window)PDF NEW YORK, February 2, 2015 – The New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) announced today that the staff of NYSE Regulation, Inc. is taking action to delist the common stock of RadioShack Corporation, Inc. (the “Company”) – ticker symbol RSH – from the NYSE. The NYSE will immediately suspend trading in the common stock. The decision was reached in view of the fact that the Company does not intend to submit a business plan to address its noncompliance with the NYSE’s continued listing standard in Section 802.01B of the Listed Company Manual that requires maintenance of either (i) an average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading day period of at least $50,000,000 or (ii) stockholders’ equity of at least $50,000,000. The Company has the right to a review of this determination by a Committee of the Board of Directors of NYSE Regulation. The NYSE will apply to the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist the Common Stock upon completion of all applicable procedures, including any appeal by the Company of the NYSE Regulation staff’s decision. Company contact: Analyst and Investor Contact: Investor Relations (817) 415-3400 Investor.Relations@RadioShack.com Multimedia Files: View all news Investor Alerts To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time. At Intercontinental Exchange, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance. Press Releases Events and Presentations SEC Filings Featured Podcasts Corporate Releases Exchanges Releases Fixed Income and Data Services Releases Mortgage Technology Releases NYSE Releases NYSE Regulation Releases All Releases NEW YORK, February 2, 2015 – The New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) announced today that the staff of NYSE Regulation, Inc. is taking action to delist the common stock of RadioShack Corporation, Inc. (the “Company”) – ticker symbol RSH – from the NYSE. The NYSE will immediately suspend trading in the common stock. The decision was reached in view of the fact that the Company does not intend to submit a business plan to address its noncompliance with the NYSE’s continued listing stand