Alliance Data : Declares Dividend on Common Stock | MarketScreener BREAD FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC. Add to a list PDF Report Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Stocks BFH US0185811082 Consumer Lending Market Closed - NYSE Other stock markets 04:00:03 2026-07-01 pm EDT Pre-market 07:04:57 am 105.37USD -2.75% 107.04 +1.58% Jun. 28 Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:BFH) added to Russell 2000 Value-Defensive Index CI Jun. 12 Bread Financial Likely to Benefit From Tailwinds, RBC Says MT Summary Quotes Charts Technical Analysis Static Chart Total Return chart News Chart Sector Chart Comparison Chart Relative Strength Chart News All News Analyst Reco. Highlights Insiders Transcripts Press Releases Official Publications Other languages MarketScreener Editorial Features MarketScreener Strategies Company Profile Governance Share ownership Insider transactions Group Connections Financials Valuation Consensus Ratings Calendar Sector ETFs All News Analyst Reco. Highlights Insiders Transcripts Press Releases Official Publications Other languages MarketScreener Editorial Features MarketScreener Strategies Alliance Data : Declares Dividend on Common Stock Published on 01/26/2017  at 06:45 am EST - Modified on 01/26/2017  at 06:46 am EST PRNewswire Share BREAD FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC. -2.75% PLANO, Texas, Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Alliance Data Systems Corporation (NYSE: ADS), a leading global provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.52 per share on the Company's common stock, payable on March 17, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 15, 2017. http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20051024/ADSLOGO About Alliance Data Alliance Data (®) (NYSE: ADS) is a leading global provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions serving large, consumer-based industries. The Company creates and deploys customized solutions, enhancing the critical customer marketing experience; the result is measurably changing consumer behavior while driving business growth and profitability for some of today's most recognizable brands. Alliance Data helps its clients create and increase customer loyalty through solutions that engage millions of customers each day across multiple touch points using traditional, digital, mobile and emerging technologies. An S&P 500 and Fortune 500 company headquartered in Plano, Texas, Alliance Data consists of three businesses that together employ more than 16,000 associates at approximately 100 locations worldwide. Alliance Data's Card Services business is a leading provider of marketing-driven branded credit card programs. Epsilon (®) is a leading provider of multichannel, data-driven technologies and marketing services, and also includes Conversant (®), a leader in personalized digital marketing. LoyaltyOne (®) owns and operates the AIR MILES (®) Reward Program, Canada's premier coalition loyalty program, and Netherlands-based BrandLoyalty, a global provider of tailor-made loyalty programs for grocers. Follow Alliance Data on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events and can generally be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "project," "plan," "likely," "may," "should" or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding our expected operating results, future economic conditions including currency exchange rates, future dividend declarations and the guidance we give with respect to our anticipated financial performance. We believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions. Forward-looking statements, however, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this release, and no assurances can be given that our expectations will prove to have been correct. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, factors set forth in the Risk Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal year, which may be updated in Item 1A of, or elsewhere in, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed for periods subsequent to such Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and we undertake no obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, anticipated or unanticipated circumstances or otherwise. Contacts: Investors/Analysts  ------------------   Tiffany Louder   Alliance Data   214-494-3048   Tiffany.Louder@alliancedata.com  -------------------------------    Media  -----   Shelley Whiddon   Alliance Data   214-494-3811   Shelley.Whiddon@alliancedata.com  -------------------------------- To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alliance-data-declares-dividend-on-common-stock-300397003.html SOURCE Alliance Data Systems Corporation © PRNewswire -  2017 Share Latest news about Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Jun. 28 Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:BFH) added to Russell 2000 Value-Defensive Index CI Jun. 12 Bread Financial Likely to Benefit From Tailwinds, RBC Says MT Jun. 12 RBC Raises Price Target on Bread Financial Holdings to $115 From $105, Keeps Sector Perform Rating MT Jun. 11 BofA Securities Adjusts Bread Financial Price Target to $108 From $105 MT Jun. 10 Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Presents at Morgan Stanley US Financials Conference 2026, Jun-10-2026 10:30 AM   May. 22 Loop Capital Initiates Bread Financial at Buy With $104 Price Target MT May. 22 Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Announces Retirement of Roger H. Ballou as Director from the Board CI May. 15 Bread Financial Reports Lower 30-Day-Plus Delinquencies in April MT May. 15 Bread Financial provides performance update for April 2026 RE May. 05 Bread Financial announces launch of an offering of depositary shares representing interests in its series B preferred stock RE Apr. 24 RBC Raises Price Target on Bread Financial Holdings to $105 From $90, Keeps Sector Perform Rating MT Apr. 23 Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., Q1 2026 Earnings Call, Apr 23, 2026   Apr. 23 Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividends on Common Stock for the Second Quarter of 2026, Payable on June 15, 2026 CI Apr. 23 Bread Financial Reports Lower 30-Day-Plus Delinquencies in March MT Apr. 23 Bread Financial Q1 Adjusted Earnings, Revenue Rise MT Chart Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Duration Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period Day Week BFH: Dynamic Chart Company Profile Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. is a tech-forward financial services company which is engaged in providing simple, personalized payment, lending, and saving solutions. The Company's product offerings consist of co-brand and private label credit card programs with retailers and other brand partners; direct-to-consumer (DTC); proprietary general purpose credit cards; Bread Pay products; and Bread Savings products. Its payment solutions, including Bread Financial general purpose credit cards and savings products. Its private label credit cards are partner-branded credit cards used by consumers for the purchase of goods and services from that partner. Bread Pay is its payment technology solution for pay-over-time products. The Company's products are supported by various services and capabilities, including risk management, underwriting, and funding services; credit card and other loan processing and servicing; fraud prevention; marketing, and data and analytics; and others. Employees 6,000 Sector Consumer Lending More about the company Income Statement and Estimates Ratings Trader Trader This super rating is the result of a weighted average of the rankings based on the following ratings: Valuation (Composite), EPS Revisions (4 months), and Visibility (Composite). We recommend that you carefully review the associated descriptions. Investor Investor Global Global Quality ESG MSCI AA Analysts' Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 18 Last Close Price 105.37 USD Average target price 98.69 USD Spread / Average Target -6.34% Consensus Quarterly revenue - Rate of surprise Stock Market Stocks BFH Stock News Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. PLANO, Texas, Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Alliance Data Systems Corporation , a leading global provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions, today announced that its Board of Directors...